Vole Office Suite;Vole Office Suite.html;Vole Office Suite        Vole Office Suite     Software Title Use Remark     Vole Word Microsoft Word Editor It has been recommended twice by the famous Hong Kong HK01 website as a perfect replacement for Microsoft Word and Excel .     Vole Excel Microsoft Excel Editor     Vole Internet Expedition High-speed web browser with multiple screens and restorable layouts Launched in 2013. It has been repeatedly selected by the famous American software sales website BITSDUJOUR Recommended, has a very high reputation . Microsoft has copied it many times , but still cannot surpass it.     Vole Windows Expedition Multi-screen, built-in previewer, file explorer for editors     Volume Diagram Flowchart drawing Microsoft Visio alternative.     Vole Scheduler Schedule Useful scheduling software that can be synchronized with Microsoft 365 and Google Calendar.     Vole 4M Showroom Video Four Mirror Player Adding a perspective to look at the world may bring you a greater understanding.     General functions     theme More than 100 popular skin styles [MP4]     language The interface supports 23 languages including English, French, German, Russian, Spanish, Greek, Polish, Italian, Portuguese, Dutch, Romanian, Turkish, Japanese, and Chinese.       Custom software loading Users can customize which software to load. [MP4]     Customize software layout Supports tiled, overlapping, floating layouts, and their combination.     Layout saving and restoring Users can save layouts, load layouts, and set layouts to load automatically at startup.     Screen capture function This software interface can capture screenshots with one click. Supports 5-second delay screenshots [MP4]     Screen recording function This software supports screen recording of interfaces and multi-monitor screen recording. It supports recording of sound and mouse movements. It supports recording sound and video separately. [MP4]     Blackboard function A floating Word editor that can be hidden and displayed repeatedly, used to display user prompt information when recording the screen.          Download, use and upgrade       System requirements, download, use and upgrade     System requirements Support for Windows 7 and higher operating systems. Windows 7, Windows 8.1 require .NET Framework 4.7.2 or higher to be installed. Vole Internet Expedition and Vole 4M Showroom require Windows 10 or higher.     Download Download address: here or here. The download file name is VoleOffice.exe. It is a standard portable single EXE file, about 118 MB in size, and does not require installation. It can also be used in a USB flash drive.      Use run VoleOffice.exe directly. It is recommended to put VoleOffice.exe in the Vole Office directory for use. In this way, the user data generated when the software is running will also be created in this directory.     Upgrade When the software is running, it will automatically detect the latest version and prompt the user to upgrade. To upgrade the software, you only need to replace the downloaded VoleOffice.exe. Since this software is permanently free software, it can be upgraded permanently for free. It is recommended that you update to the latest version at any time. The software sets a minimum usable software version number, and the software will not work properly if it is lower than this version. As the software is upgraded, the minimum usable software version number will continue to increase. Therefore, you cannot use the current version permanently.      Purchase additional services       Purchase additional services     Free forever Vole Office Suite is free software. You can use it permanently and upgrade to the highest version without paying.       Purchase additional services Where to buy: here.       Additional Services     User Naming Service Provide custom user LOGO and user name. This service is like engraving your own name on a USB flash drive after purchasing it. The software will display the user-defined name in the title, so that you can use the software more professionally and elegantly. Name your LOGO image userlogo.png and place it in the same folder as the software. Image size, height 16, width less than 100.     Proprietary genuine pool service Provides a user-specific genuine pool, one pool for one user, different from the shared genuine pool used by all shared users.;
Vole Office 套件;Vole Office 套件.html;Vole Office 套件        Vole Office 套件     软件名称 用途 备注     Vole Word 微软Word编辑器 曾两度被著名香港HK01网站推荐为微软Word和Excel完美替代。     Vole Excel 微软Excel编辑器     Vole Internet Expedition 多画面，布局可恢复的高速网页浏览器 2013年推出。多次被美国著名软件销售网站BITSDUJOUR 推荐，拥有相当高的知名度。微软多次抄袭，仍不能超越。     Vole Windows Expedition 多画面，内嵌预览器，编辑器的文件资源管理器     Vole Diagram 流程图绘制 微软Visio替代。     Vole Scheduler 日程安排 实用的日程安排软件可与微软365、谷歌日历同步。     Vole 4M Showroom 视频四镜像播放器 增加一个角度看世界，或许就多一分领悟。     通用功能     主题 100多种流行皮肤样式 [MP4]     语言 界面支持英语、法语、德语、俄语、西班牙语、希腊语、波兰语、意大利语、葡萄牙语、荷兰语、罗马尼亚语、土耳其语、日语、中文等23种语言。       自定义软件加载 用户可以自定义加载哪些软件。 [MP4]     自定义软件布局 支持平铺、重叠、浮动布局，以及其组合布局。     布局保存和恢复 用户可以保存布局，加载布局和设定启动时自动加载布局。     截屏功能 本软件界面一键屏幕截屏。支持5秒延时截屏 [MP4]     录屏功能 本软件界面录屏，和多监视器录屏。支持声音和鼠标移动录制。支持单独录制声音，单独录制视频。 [MP4]     黑板功能 可重复隐藏和显示的浮动Word编辑器，用于录屏时显示用户提示信息。          下载使用与升级       系统要求、下载、使用和升级     系统要求 支持Windows 7和更高操作系统。Windows 7，Windows 8.1需要已安装 .NET Framework 4.7.2或更高。 Vole Internet Expedition和Vole 4M Showroom需要Windows 10或更高操作系统。     下载 下载地址：这里 或 这里。 下载文件名是VoleOffice.exe或其压缩文件VoleOffice.zip。VoleOffice.exe是便携版单EXE文件，大小118MB左右，无需安装，U盘内也可以使用。支持。     使用 直接运行VoleOffice.exe即可。 建议将VoleOffice.exe放入Vole Office目录中使用。这样，软件运行时生成的用户数据也就创建在该目录内。     升级 软件运行时会自动检测最新版并提示用户升级。软件升级仅需替换下载的VoleOffice.exe即可。由于本软件为永久免费软件，因此可以永久免费升级。 升级不会影响已购买的附加服务，不论该服务是通过赠品获得或是购买。因此，请放心升级。      购买附加服务       购买附加服务     永久免费 Vole Office套件是免费软件，您无需付费既可以永久使用和升级到最高版本。       购买附加服务 购买地址：这里。       附加服务     使用者命名服务 提供自定义用户LOGO和用户名。该服务就像购买U盘后在U盘上刻上自己的名字。软件会在标题处显示用户自定义的名字，来更专业，更优雅的使用软件。 将您的LOGO图像命名为 userlogo.png，并将其放在与软件相同的文件夹中。图片大小，高度16，宽度小于100。     专有正版池服务 提供用户专有正版池，一池一用户专用。区别于所有共享用户使用的共享正版池。;
Vole Internet Expedition (EN);Vole Internet Expedition (EN).html;Vole Internet Expedition (EN)        Vole Internet Extension​ With multiple screens and layout saving and restoring, bringing a faster and more elegant web browsing experience.     Vole Internet Expedition Vole Internet Expedition is a new generation web browser that brings a faster and more elegant web browsing experience. All websites can be displayed in a beautiful gallery format with one click. It is a super-fast web browser with multiple screens and layouts that can be saved and restored. Launched in 2013. It has been repeatedly selected by the famous American software sales website BITSDUJOUR Recommended, with a fairly high popularity . Microsoft Edge has copied it many times, but still cannot surpass it.     Basic Functions     Browser kernel Same as Microsoft Edge and Google Chrome Chromium browser kernel.       Browser Features Supports web browsing, video playback, search, downloading, password saving and auto-fill, as well as Microsoft Edge extensions. History management, favorites management. Supports 4K displays.       Unique Features     Topology Through the 5-layer topology, it manages massive URLs for you, allowing you to easily browse bulk web pages without typing a single address character.       Saving and restoring layouts Supports tiled, overlapping and combined layouts, making dual-screen and multi-screen browsing easy. Layouts can be manually exported and imported, as well as automatically loaded at startup. You no longer have to frequently enter URLs and adjust web page layouts.       Browser extensions Automatically identify installed EDGE browser extensions. Users can customize which EDGE browser extensions to enable.       Multi-engine parallel search Multiple search engines search simultaneously, and multiple split screens display search results for easy comparison. Preset commonly used search engines and custom search engines.       Scene Export Save the complete browser layout and URL data to the exported file. Can be imported by this machine and other computers.       Scene Import Import the scene file to restore the complete layout and URL.       Global Navigation More than 180 countries and regions, more than 40,000 websites for you to browse easily. [MP4]     Import TXT Scene Write a TXT file with one URL per line. After one-click importing the software, you can easily open dozens of URLs. [MP4]     Export TXT Scene Save the current scene as a TXT file, retaining the grouping and URL data.       World Top Rank Website Selection Select a website from more than 180 countries and regions, more than 40,000 websites and export the text scene TXT file.;
Create a new page;Create a new page.html;Create a new page        Create a new page     Create a new page Enter the URL in the address bar and press Enter.       Clear the address bar You can clear the address bar by pressing the back key or by clicking the new button behind the address bar. [MP4]     Create multiple web pages Clear the address bar first, and then create a new web page in the same way.       How creating a new web page is different from Microsoft Edge or Google Chrome in Microsoft Edge or Google Chrome, you need to first click the New button to create a new page, then enter the URL and press Enter to open the web page. This software omits the first step and can create a new web page in just one step.;
Layout adjustment saving and restoring;Layout adjustment saving and restoring.html;Layout adjustment saving and restoring        Layout saved and restored     Adjustment of web page layout When you open multiple web pages, they are arranged overlapping by default, just like Microsoft Edge or Google Chrome. Drag the web page title to display a floating window with layout tips. Drag the web page title to the prompt position and release the drag to layout the web page to the new position. Right-click the web page title to pop up a right-click menu, which can also change the layout. Adjust the separator bar between web pages to change the web page display size. [MP4]     Maximize the page Double-click a web page to maximize it, and double-click again to restore it to its original state.     Saving web page layout The web page layout is automatically saved when the software is closed, no need to save it manually.     Restoration of web page layout After restarting, the software will automatically restore the layout when it was closed and automatically open the corresponding web page.;
Create a new category;Create a new category.html;Create a new category        Create a new category     Create a new category Click the category button to create a new category. Categories can save multiple web pages, which is equivalent to a Microsoft Edge or Google Chrome browser. [MP4]     Preset Categories The software provides 7 preset categories, namely General, Study, Work, Life, Leisure, Main Assistant and VMC. Categories are used to identify the purpose of web pages for the convenience of users. Categories are the same except for the names. Users can modify the category names during use. The method is to right-click the category label and select Rename Category in the pop-up menu.;
New Project;New Project.html;New Project        New Project     New Project Select New Project from the drop-down menu of the Project button. A project can contain multiple categories. The project feature adds a dimension to this browser compared to Microsoft Edge or Google Chrome. [MP4]     Project shortcuts Quickly switch between projects.;
Exporting a scene;Exporting a scene.html;Exporting a scene        Exporting a scene     Exporting a scene Click the Export Scene button to save the current scene as a file. The scene file can contain multiple projects and all the categories contained in each project, the URLs and layouts of all the web pages contained in the categories. adds another dimension to this browser compared to Microsoft Edge or Google Chrome. [MP4]     Scene Management You can save multiple scenes for different occasions.;
Loading a scene;Loading a scene.html;Loading a scene        Loading a scene     Loading a scene Click the scene library button and select the scene name in the drop-down menu.       Scene Rename The default scene name is the time it was created. You can modify the scene name by clicking the Rename button when the scene is selected. You can also open the scene file save directory using the Open Scene Directory button and then directly update the scene file name.       Importing a scene Click the Import Scene button. The imported scene will be automatically added to the scene library.;
Browser settings;Browser settings.html;Browser settings        Browser settings     Browser extension settings     Extension Installation Automatically identify browser extensions installed by EDGE. If you need to install new extensions, please go to EDGE to install them. [MP4]     Extended options Users can customize which EDGE browser extensions to enable by checking the extension names in the list of all extensions.     Setting up the extension If an enabled extension has a settings page, it will be added to the settings extension list. Select the extension name to open the corresponding settings page.     Setting up extension shortcuts If you need to display the extended settings button at the end of the address bar, you can check the extension in the extended shortcut list.     Download Manager     Download Manager Click the Download Manager button to manage all download records.       Current download address current download address text window displays the current download address settings.       Change the current download address Click the Change Current Download Address button to reset the default download address.       History Manager     Clear all history Clear All History button immediately clears all browsing history.       Browsing History Manager Click the Browsing History Manager button to clear the specified browsing history.;
Vole Internet Expedition (CN);Vole Internet Expedition (CN).html;Vole Internet Expedition (CN)        Vole Internet Expedition 具备多画面、布局可保存和恢复的超快网页浏览器，带来更快速、更优雅的网页浏览体验。     Vole Internet Expedition Vole Internet Expedition 是 新一代网页浏览器，带来更快速、更优雅的网页浏览体验。一键即可将所有网站以精美的图库格式呈现。多画面、布局可保存和恢复的超快网页浏览器。 2013年推出。多次被美国著名软件销售网站BITSDUJOUR 推荐，拥有相当高的知名度。微软Edge多次抄袭，仍不能超越。     基本功能     浏览器内核 与微软Edge，和谷歌采Chrome采用相同的 Chromium 浏览器内核。       浏览器功能 支持浏览网页、播放视频、查找、下载、密码保存和自动填充，以及 Microsoft Edge 扩展程序。历史记录管理，收藏夹管理。支持 4K 显示器。       特有功能     拓扑结构 通过5层拓扑结构，为你管理海量网址。让你轻松浏览批量网页而不必敲一个地址字符。       布局的保存于恢复 支持平铺、重叠布局和组合布局，轻松实现双画面和多画面浏览。布局支持手动导出和导入以及启动时自动加载。让你再也不必频繁的输入网址和调整网页布局。       浏览器扩展 自动识别EDGE已安装的浏览器扩展。用户可自定义开启哪些EDGE浏览器扩展。       多引擎并行搜索 多个搜索引擎同时搜索，多分屏显示搜索结果，方便用户比较。预设常用搜索引擎和自定义搜索引擎。 [MP4]     场景导出 将浏览器完整布局和网址数据保存到导出的文件。可供本机和其它计算机导入。       场景导入 导入场景文件，恢复完整的布局和网址。       环球导航 超过180多个国家和地区，4万多个网站供你轻松浏览。 [MP4]     文本场景导入 每行一个网址写一个TXT文件。一键导入软件后就可以轻松打开几十个网址。 [MP4]     文本场景导出 将当前场景保存为TXT文件，保留分组和网址数据。       世界网站甄选 在超过180多个国家和地区，4万多个网站中选择网站并导出文本场景TXT文件。;
新建网页;新建网页.html;新建网页        新建网页     新建网页 在地址栏输入网址然后敲回车键即可。       清空地址栏 可以通过后退键清空地址栏，或是点击地址栏后的新建按钮清空地址栏。 [MP4]     新建多个网页 先清空地址栏，然后与新建网页方法相同。       新建网页与微软Edge或谷歌Chrome不同之处 微软Edge或谷歌Chrome新建网页需要首先点击新建按钮新建页，然后输入网址加回车打开网页。而本软件省略第一步，仅用一步即可新建网页。;
布局调整保存和恢复;布局调整保存和恢复.html;布局调整保存和恢复        布局保存于恢复     网页布局的调整 打开多个网页默认重叠排列，与微软Edge或谷歌Chrome相同。拖动网页标题，将显示布局提示浮动窗口，拖动网页标题到提示位置后松开拖动，即可将网页布局到新的位置。右键点击网页标题将弹出右键菜单，同样可以实现布局改变。调节网页间的分隔栏可以改变网页显示大小。 [MP4]     网页最大化 双击网页可以最大化该网页，再次双击恢复原来的状态。     网页布局的保存 网页布局在软件关闭时自动保存，无需手动保存。     网页布局的恢复 软件在重启后会自动恢复关闭时的布局。而且自动打开相应的网页。;
新建分类;新建分类.html;新建分类        新建分类     新建分类 点击分类按钮即可新建分类。分类可以保存多个网页相当一个微软Edge或谷歌Chrome浏览器。 [MP4]     预设分类 软件提供7个预设分类分别是综合、学习、工作、生活、休闲、主助手和VMC。分类用于标识网页用途，方便用户使用。分类除了名称不同外，其它没有什么不同。使用中用户可以修改分类名称。方法是右键点击分类标签在弹出的菜单中选择分类更名。;
新建项目;新建项目.html;新建项目        新建项目     新建项目 在项目按钮的下拉菜单中选择新建项目。一个项目可以包含多个分类。项目功能让本浏览器比微软Edge或谷歌Chrome浏览器增加了一个维度。 [MP4]     项目快捷方式 快速切换项目。;
导出场景;导出场景.html;导出场景        导出场景     导出场景 点击导出场景按钮将当前的场景保存为文件。场景文件中可包含多个项目以及每个项目包含的所有分类，分类包含的所有网页的网址以及布局。 场景功能让本浏览器比微软Edge或谷歌Chrome浏览器又增加了一个维度。 [MP4]     场景管理 您可以保存多个场景，用于不同的场合。;
加载场景;加载场景.html;加载场景        加载场景     加载场景 点击场景库按钮，在下拉菜单中选择场景名称即可。       场景更名 场景名称默认是创建的时间。你可以修改场景名称。方法是选择场景时点击更名按钮。你也可以通过打开场景目录按钮打开场景文件保存目录，然后直接更新场景文件名。       导入场景 点击导入场景按钮即可。导入的场景将自动加入场景库。;
浏览器设置;浏览器设置.html;浏览器设置        浏览器设置     浏览器扩展设置     扩展安装 自动识别EDGE已安装的浏览器扩展。如需安装新扩展，请到EDGE处安装。 [MP4]     扩展选用 用户可自定义开启哪些EDGE浏览器扩展，通过勾选所有扩展列表中的扩展名称。     设置扩展 已开启的扩展如果有设置页面，则会被添加到设置扩展列表中。选中扩展名称即可打开相应的设置页面。     设置扩展快捷 如果需要在地址栏末端显示扩展设置按钮，可以勾选设置扩展快捷列表中的扩展名。     下载管理器     下载管理器 点击下载管理器按钮，可以管理所有下载记录。       当前下载地址 当前下载地址文本窗显示当前的下载地址设置。       改变当前下载地址 点击改变当前下载地址按钮可以重新设置默认下载地址。       历史记录管理器     清除所有历史记录 清除所有历史记录按钮立即清除所有浏览历史记录。       浏览历史管理器 点击浏览历史管理器按钮可以清除指定的浏览记录。;
Vole Windows Expedition (EN);Vole Windows Expedition (EN).html;Vole Windows Expedition (EN)          Volume Windows Extension A new generation file explorer with multiple views, built-in previewer and built-in editor. It is a faster and more elegant way to manage documents.     Vole Windows Expedition Multi-screen, built-in previewer, file explorer for editors Launched in 2013. It has been repeatedly selected by the famous American software sales website BITSDUJOUR Recommended, with a fairly high reputation . Microsoft Windows 11 has copied it many times , but still cannot surpass it.     Basic Functions     Basic File Explorer It uses the original Microsoft File Explorer control, so it is exactly the same as the operating system's File Explorer. It has all the functions of Microsoft Windows File Explorer. Please refer to Microsoft system help for specific functions, which will not be described here.     Unique Features     Topology Vole Windows Expedition has multiple file explorer groups, each of which contains multiple file explorers. Each file explorer can browse file directories and preview file contents independently. Explorer Group [IMG] Browse file directory [IMG] Preview file contents [IMG]     Single screen file resource management Single file explorer comes with embedded previewer. [IMG] Maximize Catalog      Dual-screen file resource management group Display two completely independent and complete file explorers side by side for easy file operations. It is similar to the occasionally remembered Norton Commander. [IMG]     Three-screen file resource management group Three completely independent and complete file explorers are displayed side by side for easy file operation and file preview. [IMG]     Four-screen file resource management group Four completely independent and complete file explorers are displayed in a tiled manner to facilitate file operations and file previews. [IMG]     Resource management group layout automatic saving and automatic restoration The software provides 1 single file explorer, 4 dual-screen, 1 triple-screen, and 1 quad-screen file explorer group, for a total of 16 independent file explorers. The layout of each file explorer and the files being previewed will be automatically saved when the software is exited, and automatically restored when it is run next time.       Built-in file previewer Each independent file explorer has a built-in file previewer. When you select a file, the previewer will preview the file in the built-in previewer at the same time without opening other software. The built-in file previewer supports multiple file formats, including: pictures, audio, video, text files, RTF, WORD, EXCEL, PDF, GIF, HTML, and Diagram, etc. Image [IMG] Video [IMG]     Built-in file editor Each independent file explorer has a built-in file editor. When you select a file, the editor will pre-edit the file in the built-in editor without having to open other software. The built-in file editor supports multiple file formats, including: text files, RTF, WORD, EXCEL and Diagram. See the following instructions for details.     File Comments You can add comments to any file without changing the original file. Comments are automatically displayed when you preview the file. Comments are hosted by the operating system and are invisible to other software. Moreover, since the comment process does not modify the file in any way, even Microsoft Explorer cannot view the comments. Editing and renaming the file will not affect the file comments. In actual testing, the operating system's hosting of comment content is not perfect. If the file is moved, copied, or pasted on the local computer, the comment content will not be lost. However, if the file is copied or moved to another computer, the file comment content may be lost. Whether the file comment is lost during the file operation depends on the file operation method. What is certain is that if the carrier of the file operation is the network, the file comment content will definitely be lost. If the carrier of the file operation is a USB flash drive or a mobile hard drive, the file comment content will not be lost. [MP4]     Directory Tracking The directory tracking function gives you a bird's eye view of the current directory of all file resource management. And it will be marked with different colors according to the time when the directory was opened. You can expand or collapse the directory tracking window by clicking the directory tracking button. [ MP4 ]     Media Tools A range of video processing tools See the following instructions for details.     Collaborative Preview When previewing, other previewers in the group are mobilized to preview simultaneously. See the following instructions for details.;
Built-in file previewer;Built-in file previewer.html;Built-in file previewer;
File Previewer Basic Operations;File Previewer Basic Operations.html;File Previewer Basic Operations        File Previewer Basic Operations     Previewer Synchronously preview the file when the file is selected in the file browser. [IMG]     File Browser Equivalent to Microsoft File Explorer. [IMG]     Previewer Position The preview position can be adjusted up, down, left, and right. Above [IMG] Below [IMG] Left side [IMG] Right side [IMG]     Previewer display ratio settings By default, the file previewer and file browser each account for 50%. Select the File Previewer Display Ratio button to adjust the File Previewer display ratio from 10% to 90%. [IMG]     Maximize the previewer Click the Maximize button to maximize the file previewer. The file browser will be automatically hidden. [IMG]     Maximize the file browser Click the Maximize button to maximize the file browser. The file previewer will be automatically hidden. [IMG]     Pause the previewer The file previewer will preview the selected file by default. If you do not want to preview the file, you can select the Pause Preview button. When the Pause Preview button is selected, the previewer will pause the preview of the selected file. Clicking the button again will resume the automatic preview state. [IMG]       Clean up the previewer When previewing a file, the previewer may occupy the file exclusively, making it impossible for other software to use the file. In this case, click the Clean Previewer button to allow the previewer to completely release the file. [IMG]     Directory Copy and Paste Click the Directory Copy button to copy the current directory, and then click the Directory Paste button in other file browsers to quickly open the directory. [IMG]       Catalog Media Playback The file previewer can automatically play all audio and video files in the current directory. The Play button is used to play or pause the playback. The Loop button is used to set loop playback. The Reload Play button is used to update the playlist after the media files in the directory are updated. [IMG]     Directory Favorites The current directory can be added to the directory favorites. The software presets 7 favorite directories: General, Work, Study, Leisure, Life, Tools, VMC, which is convenient for users to manage favorites. Directory favorites are shared in all file browsers. [IMG];
Text file previewer;Text file previewer.html;Text file previewer       Text file previewer     Automatic recognition of text files The identification of text files is not determined by the file extension, but by the software automatically analyzing the file content and intelligently identifying the text file type. Therefore, real files with TXT extensions, as well as real C, CPP, CS, CSS, JS and other files will be automatically identified as text files. Even if the extension of an MP4 file is changed to TXT, it will not be identified as a text file.       Automatic identification and web browsing of URLs in text files When previewing a text file, the text previewer automatically analyzes the file content, finds all the URLs in the file and lists them for users to open the corresponding web pages. Users can open the corresponding web page in the built-in web browser by selecting a URL in the URL list. [IMG];
Image file previewer;Image file previewer.html;Image file previewer       Image file previewer     Panoramic display mode The image will maintain the original aspect ratio and display the image in the preview window as large as possible. [IMG]     Zoom display mode In zoom display mode, after clicking on the image, you can use the middle mouse button to scroll up to zoom in, and scroll down to zoom out. The zoom ratio of the image can also be directly selected through the right-click menu. The image preview control window in the lower right corner of the previewer will display a thumbnail of the current preview position. You can view different positions of the image by dragging the thumbnail position, or by directly dragging the image after clicking on the image. [IMG] [IMG]     Stretch display mode In the stretch display mode, the image will no longer maintain the original horizontal and vertical ratios, but will stretch to fill the entire preview window. [IMG]     Collaborative preview mode Mirror images will be automatically displayed in collaborative preview mode. For more information, see Collaborative Preview.;
Video file previewer;Video file previewer.html;Video file previewer       Video file previewer     Player Controls The core playback control of the audio and video previewer uses the embedded Microsoft Windows Media Player as the media player. It has all the existing functions of Microsoft Windows Media Player, such as video zooming, full-screen playback, etc. For Windows servers, enable Desktop Experience.     AB segment repeat function The audio and video previewer supports AB segment repetition and loop playback.       Collaborative Preview Mirrored videos will automatically play in collaborative preview mode. For more information, see Collaborative Preview.     Decoder By installing free decoder files, you can enhance the ability of the built-in Microsoft Windows Media Player to play various audio and video files, such as TS videos, VOB videos, etc., which are not supported by default in Microsoft Windows 10. Tested usable decoder: K-Lite Codec Pack.;
Other file previewers;Other file previewers.html;Other file previewers       Other file previewers     RTF Previewer RTF Previewer can preview RTF files. [IMG]     WORD Previewer The WORD previewer can perfectly preview the latest version of Microsoft WORD files and has good compatibility. [IMG]     EXCEL Previewer The EXCEL previewer can perfectly preview the latest version of Microsoft EXCEL files and has good compatibility. [IMG]     PDF Previewer PDF Previewer can preview the latest version of PDF files. [IMG]     HTML Previewer HTML Previewer can preview the latest version of HTML files, HTM files and MHT files. [IMG]     GIF Previewer GIF Previewer can preview GIF files. Supports GIF animation preview. [GIF]     DIAGRAM Previewer DIAGRAM Previewer can preview Microsoft VISIO XML files. [IMG];
Built-in file editor;Built-in file editor.html;Built-in file editor       Built-in file editor     Opening and closing the editor After checking the Edit button, the built-in editor of the file will be automatically opened to start editing the file when previewing the file. The built-in editor can modify and save the file.       Text Editor Text files can be edited and saved. [IMG]     Rich Text Editor RTF files can be edited and saved. [IMG]     WORD Editor Can edit and save WORD files. [MP4]     EXCEL Editor Can edit and save EXCEL files. [MP4]     DIAGRAM Editor DIAGRAM files can be edited and saved. [MP4];
Collaborative Preview;Collaborative Preview.html;Collaborative Preview;
Automatic collaborative preview;Automatic collaborative preview.html;Automatic collaborative preview        Automatic collaborative preview     Automatic collaborative preview Different from manual collaborative preview, automatic collaborative preview automatically prepares the collaborative preview environment, such as preparing the previewer window, hiding the corresponding toolbar, loading the corresponding media, etc. [MP4] [MP4]       Automatic collaborative preview of pictures Select a picture and click the Prepare command to automatically preview the picture mode. This function is valid for 2-explorer group, 3-explorer group and 4-explorer group.       Automatic video collaborative preview Select the video and click the Prepare command to automatically preview the video mode. This function is valid for 2-resource manager group, 3-resource manager group and 4-resource manager group. Please note: the automatic video mirror preview mode requires that the mirror video must be prepared in advance in the same directory as the main video.       Automatic collaborative preview commands Automatic collaborative preview commands include: prepare, play, pause, stop, synchronize, jump here to play, cancel, etc. Among them: Prepare command: After selecting a picture or video, first select the Prepare command to let the software automatically prepare the necessary preview environment, such as: maximizing the previewer, hiding the toolbar, and the previewer automatically loading the corresponding media and mirror media, etc. Cancel command: Restore the original settings of the previewer and cancel media preview. Jump here to play command: Synchronize the playback progress of all previewers. This function can not only play the video at the specified position, but also synchronize the progress of multiple players. [ MP4 ]     Mirror video files See Manual Collaborative Preview for details.       Mirror video file production You can use the Media Toolbox. For details, see the Media Toolbox introduction.;
Manual collaborative preview;Manual collaborative preview.html;Manual collaborative preview       Manual collaborative preview     Manual collaborative preview By default, previewers preview files independently. The collaborative preview feature can coordinate the previewers of multiple file explorers in a file explorer group to work together, allowing users to select files in one previewer and preview them in multiple previewers at the same time. Collaborative preview includes manual collaborative preview and automatic collaborative preview. Mirror video and mirror image can bring you a different user experience.       Set manual collaborative preview mode Check the Collaborative Preview button to enter manual collaborative preview mode. If the user selects a file, all other previewers in the group will preview the file. This feature is valid for 2-resource manager groups, 3-resource manager groups, and 4-resource manager groups. The middle previewer of a 3-previewer group never participates in collaborative preview. If the user selects more than one file, the other previews in the group will preview the first selected file first. Then, the second previewer will preview the second selected file, the third previewer will preview the third selected file (if there is a third selected file), and so on.       Image automatic mirroring preview mode Check the collaborative preview button and then check the mirror button. If you select a picture, you will enter the automatic mirror preview mode. The automatic mirror preview mode of the picture is only valid for pictures, and only one picture needs to be selected. In the automatic mirror preview mode of the picture, when you preview a picture, the mirror image of the picture will be automatically previewed in other previewers in the group. This function is valid for 2-explorer group, 3-explorer group and 4-explorer group.       Video automatic mirroring preview mode Check the Co-Preview button and then check the Mirror button. If you select a video, you will enter the video automatic mirror preview mode. The video automatic mirror preview mode is only valid for videos, and only one video needs to be selected. In the video automatic mirror preview mode, when previewing a video, the mirror video of the video will be automatically previewed in other previewers in the group. This function is valid for 2-explorer group, 3-explorer group and 4-explorer group. In the video automatic mirror preview mode, 2-explorer group and 3-explorer group need to prepare horizontal mirror files. 4-explorer group needs to prepare all 3 mirror files.       Mirror video files The automatic video mirroring preview mode requires that the mirrored video must be prepared in advance in the same directory as the main video. And the mirrored video name must meet the following requirements. Naming rules for mirrored videos: Assume the original video file name is: original video.mp4, The horizontal image is: original file name_HF.mp4, Vertical mirror image: original file name_VF.mp4, The vertical and horizontal mirror images are: original file name_VH.mp4.       Mirror video file production You can use the Media Toolbox. For details, see the Media Toolbox introduction.;
Media Toolbox;Media Toolbox.html;Media Toolbox        Media Toolbox     Mirror Image Production After selecting an image, you can use the mirror tool in the media tool to create a horizontal mirror, vertical mirror, or horizontal and vertical mirror image. [MP4]     Mirror Video Production After selecting a picture, you can use the mirror tool in the media tool to create a horizontal mirror, vertical mirror, or horizontal and vertical mirror video. [MP4]     Convert Video to MP4 This feature can convert any video to MP4.       Convert Video to GIF This feature can convert any video into GIF. [MP4]     Change MP4 size This function can modify the video to the size specified by the user.       Merge audio and video This function can merge audio and video. Select an audio file and a video file, then choose this command to merge the audio and video into a new video file.       Customize video conversion parameters The frame rate and compression speed can be set.;
Vole Windows Expedition (CN);Vole Windows Expedition (CN).html;Vole Windows Expedition (CN)        Vole Windows Expedition 具备多画面、内置预览器和内置编辑器的新一代文件资源管理器，是一种更快速、更优雅的文档管理方式。     Vole Windows Expedition 多画面，内嵌预览器，编辑器的文件资源管理器 2013年推出。多次被美国著名软件销售网站BITSDUJOUR 推荐，拥有相当高的知名度。微软Windows 11多次抄袭，仍不能超越。     基本功能     基本文件资源管理器 采用微软文件资源管理器原装控件。因此与操作系统文件资源管理器完全相同。 具备微软Windows文件资源管理器所有功能。具体功能参见微软系统帮助，此处不再赘述。     特有功能     拓扑结构 Vole Windows Expedition拥有多个文件资源管理器组，每个文件资源管理器组包含多个文件资源管理器。每个文件资源管理器都可以独立的浏览文件目录和预览文件内容。 资源管理器组 [IMG] 浏览文件目录 [IMG] 预览文件内容 [IMG]     单画面文件资源管理 单文件资源管理器携带嵌入预览器。 [IMG] 目录最大化 [IMG]     双画面文件资源管理组 并排显示两个完全独立完整的文件资源管理器，方便文件操作。类似偶尔还能想起的Norton Commander。 [IMG]     三画面文件资源管理组 并排显示三个完全独立完整的文件资源管理器，方便文件操作和文件预览。 [IMG]     四画面文件资源管理组 平铺显示四个完全独立完整的文件资源管理器，方便文件操作和文件预览。 [IMG]     资源管理组布局自动保存和自动恢复 软件提供1个单文件资源管理器，4个双画面，1个三画面，1个四画面文件资源管理器组，共计16个独立的文件资源管理器。每个文件资源管理器的布局和正在预览的文件，在软件退出时都会自动保存，并在下次运行时自动恢复。       内嵌文件预览器 每个独立的文件资源管理器都内嵌文件预览器，选中文件时，预览器将同时在内置的预览器内预览该文件，而不必打开其它软件。内置的文件预览器支持多种文件格式，包括：图片，音频，视频，文本文件，RTF，WORD, EXCEL, PDF, GIF, HTML，以及Diagram等。 图片[IMG] 视频[IMG]     内嵌文件编辑器 每个独立的文件资源管理器都内嵌文件编辑器，选中文件时，编辑器将同时在内置的编辑器内预编辑文件，而不必打开其它软件。内置的文件编辑器支持多种文件格式，包括：文本文件，RTF，WORD, EXCEL和Diagram。 详见后续说明。     文件评论 可以对任何文件添加评论而不改变原文件。在预览该文件时会自动显示评论内容。评论内容由操作系统托管，对于其它软件是不可见的。而且，由于评论过程对文件未作任何修改，所以甚至微软的资源管理器也无法查看评论内容。对文件的编辑以及更名不会影响文件评论内容。 实测，操作系统对评论内容的托管并非完美。文件在本机移动，复制，黏贴，评论内容不会丢失。但将文件复制或移动到其它计算机，文件评论内容可能会丢失。在文件操作过程中，文件评论能否不丢失，这取决于文件的操作方法。可以确定的是，如果文件操作的载体是网络，文件评论内容一定丢失，如果文件操作的载体是U盘或移动硬盘，文件评论内容不会丢失。 [MP4]     目录跟踪 目录跟踪功能，可以鸟瞰当前所有文件资源管理的当前目录。而且会依据目录打开时间用不同的颜色标识。通过点击目录跟踪按钮可以展开或收起目录跟踪窗口。 [MP4]     媒体工具 一系列视频处理工具 详见后续说明。     协同预览 预览时，调动组内其它预览器同时预览。 详见后续说明。;
VWE 内置文件预览器;VWE 内置文件预览器.html;VWE 内置文件预览器;
文件预览器基本操作;文件预览器基本操作.html;文件预览器基本操作        文件预览器基本操作     预览器 在文件浏览器选中文件时同步预览该文件。 [IMG]     文件浏览器 等同微软文件资源管理器。 [IMG]     预览器位置 预览器位置上下左右可调。 上方[IMG] 下方[IMG] 左侧[IMG] 右侧[IMG]     预览器显示占比设置 默认文件预览器显示和文件浏览器显示各占50%。选择文件预览器显示占比按钮可以调整文件预览器显示占比从10%到90%。 [IMG]     预览器最大化 点击文件预览器最大化按钮，可以将文件预览器最大化，此时文件浏览器将自动隐藏 [IMG]     文件浏览器最大化 点击文件浏览器最大化按钮，可以将文件浏览器最大化，此时文件预览器将自动隐藏 [IMG]     暂停预览器 文件预览器默认会预览用户选中 的文件。如果不想预览文件，可以选择暂停预览按钮。暂停预览按钮被选中的情况下预览器将暂停预览选中的文件。再次点击该按钮将又恢复自动预览状态 [IMG]       清理预览器 预览器预览文件时可能会独占文件，造成其它软件无法使用该文件。此时，点击清理预览器按钮可以让预览器彻底释放该文件。 [IMG]     目录复制与黏贴 点击目录复制按钮可以复制当前目录，然后在其它文件浏览器点击目录黏贴按钮就可以快速打开该目录。 [IMG]       目录媒体播放 文件预览器可以自动播放当前目录下的所有音视频文件。播放按钮用于播放或暂停播放。循环按钮用于设置循环播放。从新加载播放按钮用于更新了目录中的媒体文件后更新播放列表。 [IMG]     目录收藏夹 当前目录可以添加到目录收藏夹。软件预设7个收藏夹目录：综合，工作，学习，休闲，生活，工具，VMC，方便用户管理收藏夹。目录收藏夹在所有文件浏览器内共享。 [IMG];
文本文件预览器;文本文件预览器.html;文本文件预览器        文本文件预览器     文本文件自动识别 文本文件的识别不是根据文件的扩展名来确定的，而是通过软件自动分析文件内容，智能判别文本文件类型。因此，真实的以TXT为扩展名的文件，以及真实的C、CPP、CS、CSS、JS等文件都会被自动识别为文本文件。而即使将MP4文件的扩展名改为TXT也不会被识别为文本文件。       文本文件中网址的自动识别与网页浏览 预览文本文件时，文本预览器自动分析文件内容，找出文件中所有网址并以列表中形式供用户打开相应的网页。用户可以通过在网址列表中选择网址就可以在内置的网页浏览器中打开相应的网页。 [IMG];
图片文件预览器;图片文件预览器.html;图片文件预览器        图片文件预览器     全景显示模式 图片将保持原图的横纵比例，将图片最大可能的在预览窗中显示。 [IMG]     缩放显示模式 缩放显示模式下，点击图片后，可以通过鼠标中键向上滚动放大，向下滚动缩小显示图片。图片的缩放比例也可以通过右键菜单直接选择。预览器右下角图片预览控制窗口将显示当前预览位置的缩略图。通过拖动缩略图位置，或者点中图片后直接拖动图片都可以查看图片不同位置。 [IMG] [IMG]     伸展显示模式 伸展显示模式下，图片将不再保持原图的横纵比例，而将图片伸展填满整个预览窗口。 [IMG]     协同预览模式 协同预览模式下会自动显示镜像图片。 详细见协同预览。;
视频文件预览器;视频文件预览器.html;视频文件预览器        视频文件预览器     播放器控件 音视频预览器核心播放控件使用内嵌微软Windows Media Player作为媒体播放器。具备所有微软Windows Media Player既有功能。比如视频缩放，全屏播放等。 Windows 服务器请启用桌面体验。     A-B段复读功能 音视频预览器支持A-B段复读功能，循环播放功能。       协同预览 协同预览模式下会自动播放镜像视频。 详细见协同预览。     解码器 通过安装免费的解码器文件增强内嵌的微软Windows Media Player播放各种音视频 文件的能力。比如：TS视频， VOB视频等，这些视频在微软Windows 10默认是不被支持的。 实测可用解码器:K-Lite Codec Pack。;
其它文件预览器;其它文件预览器.html;其它文件预览器        其它文件预览器     RTF预览器 RTF预览器可以预览RTF文件。 [IMG]     WORD预览器 WORD预览器可以完美预览微软最新版WORD文件，兼容性很好。 [IMG]     EXCEL预览器 EXCEL预览器可以完美预览微软最新版EXCEL文件，兼容性很好。 [IMG]     PDF预览器 PDF预览器可以预览最新版PDF文件。 [IMG]     HTML预览器 HTML预览器可以预览最新版HTML文件，HTM文件和MHT 文件。 [IMG]     GIF预览器 GIF预览器可以预览GIF文件。支持GIF动画预览。 [GIF]     DIAGRAM预览器 DIAGRAM预览器可以预览微软VISIO XML文件。 [IMG];
内置文件编辑器;内置文件编辑器.html;内置文件编辑器        内置文件编辑器     开启和关闭编辑器 勾选编辑按钮后在预览文件时将自动打开文件的内置编辑器开始编辑文件。内置编辑器可以对文件进行修改和保存。       文本编辑器 可以编辑和保存文本文件。 [IMG]     RTF编辑器 可以编辑和保存RTF文件。 [IMG]     WORD编辑器 可以编辑和保存WORD文件。 [MP4]     EXCEL编辑器 可以编辑和保存EXCEL文件。 [MP4]     DIAGRAM编辑器 可以编辑和保存DIAGRAM文件。 [MP4];
协同预览;协同预览.html;协同预览;
自动协同预览;自动协同预览.html;自动协同预览        自动协同预览     自动协同预览 与手动协同预览不同的是，自动协同预览自动准备协同预览环境，比如准备预览器窗口，隐藏相应的工具栏，加载相应媒体等。 [MP4] [MP4]       图片自动协同预览 选择图片，点击准备命令后自动预览图片模式。该功能对2资源管理器组，3资源管理器组和4资源管理器组有效。       视频自动协同预览 选择视频，点击准备命令后自动预览视频模式。该功能对2资源管理器组，3资源管理器组和4资源管理器组有效。请注意：视频自动镜像预览模式要求在主视频相同目录下必须预先准备好镜像视频。       自动协同预览命令 自动协同预览命令包括：准备， 播放，暂停，停止，同步，跳到这里播放， 取消等。其中： 准备命令：选定图片或视频后首先选择准备命令，让软件自动准备必要的预览环境，比如：最大化预览器，隐藏工具栏，预览器自动加载相应的媒体和镜像媒体等。 取消命令：恢复预览器原来设置，取消媒体预览。 跳到这里播放命令：同步所有预览器播放进度。该功能既可以播放指定位置视频，还可以同步多个播放器进度。 [MP4]     镜像视频文件 见手动协同预览中描述。       镜像视频文件制作 可使用媒体工具箱，详见媒体工具箱介绍。;
手动协同预览;手动协同预览.html;手动协同预览        手动协同预览     手动协同预览 默认预览器预览文件时是相互独立进行的。协同预览功能可以协调文件资源管理器组中多个文件资源管理器的预览器协同工作，让用户在一个预览器中选择文件，同时在多个预览器中预览文件。协同预览有手动协同预览和自动协同预览。镜像视频和镜像图片可以为你带来不一样的用户体验。       设置手动协同预览模式 勾选协同预览按钮既可以进入手动协同预览模式。如果用户选择一个文件，则在组内的其它预览器都将预览该文件。 该功能对2资源管理器组，3资源管理器组和4资源管理器组有效。3预览器组的中间预览器从不参加协同预览。 如果用户选择多余一个文件，则组内的其它预览会先全部预览第一个选中文件。然后，第二个预览器预览第二选中文件，第三预览器预览第三选中的文件（如果有第三选中文件），以此类推。       图片自动镜像预览模式 勾选协同预览按钮同时再勾选镜像按钮，如果再选择图片将进入图片自动镜像预览模式。图片的自动镜像预览模式仅对图片有效，且仅需选中一个图片。在图片自动镜像预览模式下，预览图片时会自动在组内的其它预览器中预览该图片的镜像图片。该功能对2资源管理器组，3资源管理器组和4资源管理器组有效。       视频自动镜像预览模式 勾选协同预览按钮同时再勾选镜像按钮，如果再选择视频将进入视频自动镜像预览模式。视频自动镜像预览模式仅对视频有效，且仅需选中一个视频。在视频自动镜像预览模式下，预览视频时会自动在组内的其它预览器中预览该视频的镜像视频。该功能对2资源管理器组，3资源管理器组和4资源管理器组有效。视频自动镜像预览模式下, 2资源管理器组，3资源管理器组需要准备水平镜像文件。4资源管理器组需要准备全部3个镜像文件。       镜像视频文件 视频自动镜像预览模式要求在主视频相同目录下必须预先准备好镜像视频。而且镜像视频命名必须满足如下要求。 镜像视频的命名规则: 假定原视频文件名为: 原视频.mp4,   则水平镜像为：原文件名_HF.mp4,   垂直镜像为：原文件名_VF.mp4,   垂直水平镜像为：原文件名_VH.mp4。       镜像视频文件制作 可使用媒体工具箱，详见媒体工具箱介绍。;
媒体工具箱;媒体工具箱.html;媒体工具箱        媒体工具箱     镜像图片制作 选中一个图片后可以通过媒体工具中的镜像工具制作水平镜像，垂直镜像和水平垂直镜像图片。 [MP4]     镜像视频制作 选中一个图片后可以通过媒体工具中的镜像工具制作水平镜像，垂直镜像和水平垂直镜像视频。 [MP4]     视频转MP4 该功能可以将任何视频转为MP4。       视频转GIF 该功能可以将任何视频转为GIF。 [MP4]     改变MP4尺寸 该功能可以将视频修改为用户指定的尺寸。       合并音视频 该功能可以合并音频和视频。选中一个音频文件和一个视频文件，然后选择该命令将音频和视频合并为一个新的的视频文件。       自定义视频转换参数 可以设置帧率和压缩速度。;
Vole Word;Vole Word.html;Vole Word        Vole Word A perfect alternative to Microsoft Office Word, helping you easily solve your daily office needs.     Basic Functions     Font, paragraph, style settings support       Insert pictures, tables, symbols, hyperlinks support       Spell check, add comments, protect documents support       Simple view, Draft view, Print view support       Print preview, print, quick print support       Heading Navigation support       Export docx, doc, mht, html, epub, odt, docm, pdf, xml support       Advanced functions     Over 100 professional table styles support [MP4]     Nested tables support       Table width percentage setting support       Word export pictures support       Export Word to PDF to support directory tree support       Unique Features     template support       Open and edit multiple Word files support       The opened Word file can be split into two, three or multiple screens. support [MP4]              Vole Word 完美替代微软Office Word，帮您轻松就解决日常办公需要。     基本功能     字体、段落、样式设置 支持       插入图片、表格、符号、超链接 支持       拼写检查、添加评论、保护文档 支持       简单视图、草稿视图、打印视图 支持       打印预览、打印、快速打印 支持       标题导航 支持       导出docx、doc、mht、html、epub、odt、docm、pdf、xml 支持       高阶功能     超百种专业表格样式 支持 [MP4]     表格嵌套 支持       表格宽度百分比设置 支持       Word导出图片 支持       Word导出PDF支持目录树 支持       特有功能     模板 支持       打开和编辑多个Word文件 支持       打开的Word文件二分屏、三分屏和多分屏布局 支持 [MP4];
Vole Excel;Vole Excel.html;Vole Excel  Vole Excel is a perfect alternative to Microsoft Office Excel, helping you to easily solve your daily office needs. Vole Excel is not only 100% compatible with Microsoft in terms of data, but also almost identical in terms of operation experience. The compatibility at the data level ensures 100% restoration of imported Microsoft Excel files, and the files produced are exactly the same when opened in Microsoft Office. The compatibility of user experience allows employees to use the software effortlessly without having to relearn a different set of usage methods. Vole Excel完美替代微软Office Excel，帮您轻松就解决日常办公需要。Vole Excel不但在数据层面与微软100%兼容，在操作体验上也几乎完全相同。数据层面的兼容保证100%还原导入的微软Excel文件，同时制作出的文件在微软Office打开时也完全相同。而用户体验的兼容使得员工可以毫不费力的使用该软件，而不需要重新学习一套不同的使用方法。;
Vole Scheduler;Vole Scheduler.html;Vole Scheduler  Multiple calendar view options (day, week, month, timeline, etc.) and includes a range of built-in and fully customizable editing forms. 多种日历视图选项（日、周、月、时间线等），并包括一系列内置且完全可定制的编辑表单。;
Vole Diagram;Vole Diagram.html;Vole Diagram  提供Microsoft Visio的替代特性和功能，允许您从头开始绘制组织结构图、流程图和图表，并从XML文件加载、保存可视化效果。 Provides a Microsoft Visio replacement with features and functionality, allowing you to draw organizational charts, flow charts, and diagrams from scratch, and load and save visualizations from XML files.;
Vole 4M-Showroom;Vole 4M-Showroom.html;Vole 4M-Showroom    Vole 4M-Showroom is a four-mirror multimedia display platform. Vole 4M-Showroom is a video player that can simultaneously display 4 mirror videos of the original video, giving users an extremely different experience [MP4] [MP4]. This feature requires at least Windows 10. Vole 4M-Showroom supports local videos, such as MP4. Vole 4M-Showroom supports online videos, such as BiliBili, YouTube, Twitter and other online videos.[MP4]   Vole 4M-Showroom是四镜面多媒体展示平台。Vole 4M-Showroom是一款视频播放器，可以同时演示原视频的的4个镜面视频，给用户一个极其不同体验[MP4][MP4]。该功能需要至少Windows10。 Vole 4M-Showroom支持本地视频，比如MP4。 Vole 4M-Showroom支持网络视频，比如BiliBili, YouTube, Twitter等网络视频。[MP4]   Function: 1. Scrolling comments can scroll and display custom information. 2, 4M, 2M and 1M mirror playback can display 4 mirror videos, 2 mirror videos and original videos of the media at the same time. 3. AB loop playback can be played in a custom time period. 4. Media Pre-Mirroring can pre-mirror the original video before mirroring [MP4].   功能： 1，滚动评论可以滚动显示自定义信息。 2，4M，2M和1M镜像播放可以同时显示媒体的4镜像视频，2镜像视频和原视频。 3，AB循环播放可以在自定义时间段内循环播放。 4，媒体预先镜像可以在镜像播放前对原始视频预先进行4镜面设置[MP4]。;
Release Logs发布日志;Release Logs发布日志.html;Release Logs发布日志          版本 发布日期 更新和升级               10.11.25055 2025-05-22 +增加主页磁贴以支持Vole Internet Expedition环球导航 26个分类，184个国家和地区，44053全球流量排名在前的网站。[MP4] ! Vole Word 新建时丢失样式错误。     10.10.25054 2025-05-18 +增加自动下载和提示升级功能。 ! Vole Internet Expedition 修复Bug。     10.9.25053 2025-05-13 +Vole Internet Expedition地址栏增加地址输入自动建议功能。[IMG] +Vole Internet Expedition增加地址输入自动建议网址自定义功能。[IMG] +Vole Internet Expedition环球导航国家和地区增加搜索功能。[IMG] +Vole Internet Expedition环球导航增加一键打开所有选中网址功能。[IMG] ! Vole Internet Expedition 修复收藏夹Bug。     10.8.25052 2025-05-09 +Vole Internet Expedition增加多环球导航功能。[MP4] +Vole Internet Expedition增加文本场景导入功能。[MP4] +Vole Internet Expedition增加世界网站甄选功能。 +Vole Windows Expedition 增加复制选中文件名和复制选中文件全名小工具。结果已拷贝到剪贴板，直接黏贴即可。[IMG] ! 改进4M Showroom。 ! 修复bugs。     10.7.25051 2025-05-01 +Vole Internet Expedition增加多引擎并行搜索功能。[MP4] +Vole Internet Expedition增加一键将网页视频添加到Vole 4M-Showroom展示。[MP4] +Vole Windows Expedition增加一键将本地视频添加到Vole 4M-Showroom展示。[MP4] +Vole Office Home增加软件多选功能，连续选择软件间隔小于1秒即可。[MP4] +Vole 4M-Showroom增加网络视频四镜面展示。[MP4]     10.6.25042 2025-04-16 -取消Vole Paint。 +迁入2013就发布的Vole Internet Expedition 从 Sanwhole Studio. +布局保存，布局加载和启动自动加载布局。布局的保存加载和自动加载可以自定义软件启动时自动加载哪些软件和恢复软件显示布局。 +增加Vole Word, Vole Excel等所有软件支持自定义加载。自定义加载包括：不加载，加载一个和加载多个。 +增加软件停靠功能。软件既可以重叠显示也可以平铺显示或是重叠和平铺显示。     10.5.25041 2025-04-01 + Vole 4M-Showroom软件。Vole 4M-Showroom是一款视频播放器，可以同时演示原视频的的4个镜面视频，给用户一个极其不同体验[MP4][MP4][MP4]。该功能需要至少Windows10。 ! 修复bugs。     10.4.25033 2025-03-27 + Vole Word and Vole Excel增加 两分屏，三分屏和多分屏功能，让多个Word和Excel文件仅在一个Vole Office软件内同时编辑成为可能，方便用户左右对照文件比较和复制 黏贴操作[MP4]。 ! 修复媒体工具bugs。     10.3.25032 2025-03-23 +迁入2013就发布的Vole Windows Expedition 从 Sanwhole Studio. + 增加录屏功能，支持录制软件视频，录制桌面视频，支持声音和鼠标录制，支持多显示器。 + 增加黑板工具。 + Vole Word支持拼写检查。支持英语，法语，德语，俄语，西班牙语，希腊语，波兰语，意大利语，葡萄牙语，荷兰语，罗马尼亚语和土耳其语。 !  其它功能改进和bugs修复。            Version Release Date Update and Upgrade               10.11.25055 2025-05-22 + Added homepage tiles to support Vole Internet Expedition global navigation 26 categories, 184 countries and regions, 44053 top-ranked websites in terms of total traffic. [MP4] ! Vole Word lost style error when creating a new site.     10.10.25054 2025-05-18 + Added automatic download and upgrade prompt functions. ! Vole Internet Expedition Bug fixes.     10.8.25052 2025-05-09 +Vole Internet Expedition adds multi-world navigation function. [MP4] +Vole Internet Expedition adds text scene import function. [MP4] +Vole Internet Expedition adds world website selection function. +Vole Windows Expedition adds the tools to copy the selected file name and copy the selected file full name. The result has been copied to the clipboard and can be directly pasted.[IMG] !  Improve 4M Showroom. ! Bug fixes.     10.7.25051 2025-05-01 +Vole Internet Expedition adds multi-engine parallel search function.[MP4] +Vole Internet Expedition adds one-click to add web videos to Vole 4M-Showroom.[MP4] +Vole Windows Expedition adds one-click to add local videos to Vole 4M-Showroom.[MP4] +Vole Office Home adds software multi-selection function, and the interval between consecutive software selections is less than 1 second.[MP4] +Vole 4M-Showroom adds four-mirror display of network videos.[MP4]     10.6.25042 2025-04-16 -Cancel Vole Paint. + Moving into Vole Internet Expedition released in 2013 from Sanwhole Studio. + Layout saving, layout loading and startup automatic loading layout. Layout saving, loading and automatic loading can customize which software is automatically loaded when the software starts and restore the software display layout. +Added support for custom loading for all software such as Vole Word and Vole Excel. Custom loading includes: no loading, loading one and loading multiple. + Added software docking function. Software can be displayed overlappingly or tiled, or overlapping and tiled.     10.5.25041 2025-04-01 + Vole 4M-Showroom software. Vole 4M-Showroom is a video player that can simultaneously display 4 mirror videos of the original video, giving users an extremely different experience [MP4] [MP4] [MP4]. This feature requires at least Windows 10. ! Fixed bugs.     10.4.25033 2025-03-27 + Vole Word and Vole Excel add two-screen, three-screen and multi-screen functions, making it possible to edit multiple Word and Excel files simultaneously in only one Vole Office software, making it convenient for users to compare files left and right and copy and paste operations [MP4]. ! Fixed media tool bugs.     10.3.25032 2025-03-23 + Moving into Vole Windows Expedition released in 2013 from Sanwhole Studio. + Added screen recording function, supports recording software videos, desktop videos, sound and mouse recording, and supports multiple monitors. + Added blackboard tool. + Vole Word supports spell checking. Supports English, French, German, Russian, Spanish, Greek, Polish, Italian, Portuguese, Dutch, Romanian and Turkish. ! Other feature improvements and bug fixes.                   Vole Word            Vole Excel;
